docs: clarify sequential keep rule behavior (AND vs OR) (#3878)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/tutorials/logs-and-relabeling-basics.md

This example has one rule block, but you can have as many as you want.
Each rule block is applied in order.

> > **Note:** Multiple `keep` rules are applied sequentially. If a target fails the first `keep`, it’s dropped immediately—so two separate `keep` rules act like a logical AND. To implement OR logic across multiple criteria, combine them in one rule using multiple `source_labels` and a compound regex.  
> > **Example (OR in one rule):**
> > ```alloy
> > rule {
> >   source_labels = ["__meta_kubernetes_pod_annotation_A", "__meta_kubernetes_pod_label_B"]
> >   regex         = "(true;.*|.*;true)"
> >   action        = "keep"
> > }
> > ```
> 
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
{{< admonition type="note" >}}
Multiple `keep` rules are applied sequentially.
If a target fails the first `keep`, it’s dropped immediately, so two separate `keep` rules act like a logical AND.
To implement OR logic across multiple criteria, you can combine them in one rule using multiple `source_labels` and a compound regular expression.

The following example demonstrates how you can implement OR in one rule:

 ```alloy
rule {
  source_labels = ["__meta_kubernetes_pod_annotation_A", "__meta_kubernetes_pod_label_B"]
  regex         = "(true;.*|.*;true)"
  action        = "keep"
}
```
{{< /admonition >}}

````

Minor changes:

- Semantic line breaks
- Use the admonition shortcode for notes instead of blockquotes
- Small wording change to the example explanation
